New Port: Mercenary Kings (#1263)
PortsMaster/PortMaster-New: ports/mercenarykings/README.md

## Notes

Thanks to:

> * [Trubute Games](https://store.steampowered.com/developer/tributegames), the developers of Flinthook.
> * JanTrueno for porting and patching Flinthook.

Reviewer: I haven't double checked but Flinthook seems to be another game, sorry if I'm wrong :D
```suggestion
* [Trubute Games](https://store.steampowered.com/developer/tributegames), the developers of Mercenary Kings.
* JanTrueno for porting and patching Mercenary Kings.
```
